  Having looked through the website, I don’t feel that it is meeting the brief that I sent. I did forward a specific colour pallet which I wanted to see through each page of the website but unfortunately doesn’t seem to show. There were also some mood boards for inspiration and I can’t see that these have been picked up anywhere. The home page: I appreciate the wording, but I feel the image is irrelevant to the services I am offering. It seems to be focusing solely on a wedding venue, which I am not. Part of the package offered indicated that a logo would be totally designed and that I should send samples for inspiration, and I feel that the log has been copied. I would like to see something that is individually designed. The samples I send were simply for inspiration. I would like to see more colour going through the pages of the website and using some of the floral inspiration from the mood boards I sent. See the following website inspiration WeShare link for ease - https://we.tl/t-sA3GwiqTTiP1zgna A few points to take on board, I would like the baby to be smiling in the photo, my photos need to be softened slightly as they look too harsh, I feel there are too many photos of myself. Please have a look at Tess Sheehy’s website as I would like it to have similar flow, depth and movement as this was one of the original samples we were sent as examples we could expect. www.tessasheehycelebrant.co.uk I appreciate that I am fussy but being that my career was based in the design industry I feel that it is crucial that the website has more vibrancy and interest because clients need to be drawn in by imagery to hold their interest before they will focus on the text.